Everything becomes okay
The painful memories disappear
I become happy again
A smile spreads on my face
Everything becomes okay
The painful memories disappear
When I'm with you
I become happy again
A smile spreads on my face
CONCERT FOR PATIENTS
It must be a lot of pressure
to go right after JB.
I just need one person
to listen carefully to my song.
It's our turn.
Let's go.
You don't have to hold hands.
You did a great job today.
Congratulations.
I take back what I said
about how you can't do anything.
You wrote a great song.
I want first dibs on your next song.
I'll sing that too.
That would be an honor.
You're pretending to be all nice again.
Go on out.
Go on.
You should be the one
tying up all the loose ends.
What's wrong?
Are you mad at me?
Come on.
You asked me to do a duet.
Why didn't you give me
the full information?
Why didn't you say that Rian
would be singing with me and not you?
Sorry.
If you're sorry, buy me lunch.
What?
You made a promise.
Hello, everyone.
I wrote this song for one person
and that person only.
I have been devoted
to this person all along,
and I want to continue
being her devoted admirer,
like a sunflower to the sun.
When will the rain stop
Getting between our love
You're high up in the sky
While I'm down here
At the lowest of the low
But still, I've been happy
That I can receive the warm rays
You shower on me
That I can gaze up at you
I am only looking at you
But why do clouds gather
And soak me with rain?
As I wilt, it gets hard
For me to look up at you
To be able to see you again
I have to wait through four seasons
Grow
Grow tall
Keep growing,
So that I can see her up close
See her up close
Why did you come
if you were going to run away?
It was me who ran away.
If you couldn't hold me back then,
shouldn't you be doing so now?
Isn't that what a mom should do?
Yu-jin...
Listen to my song before you go.
Please.
I lied.
I lied that my parents had passed away.
The rumors are true.
I'm the child actor Jin Yu-jin
who played New Clear Man.
I was ashamed.
That's why I spent the last ten years
running away from my past.
What?
The rumors were true?
He didn't have to hide it from us.
It must have been tough
for him to bear it all alone.
I'm sure that it was very hard
for my mother
to have a pathetic, lying son.
But she kept it all inside.
I dedicate this song to her.
I'm sorry
Yet another day
Went by like this
The nervousness I can't overcome
The anxiousness that won't go away
My growing yearning
And lines that can't be crossed
I'm still hesitating like always
You're radiant like always
That's probably why I can't approach you
You are
Too free
I just can't get close to you
That's probably why I watch you from afar
That's probably why I hide my feelings
I'm still
Hesitating like always
You're radiant like always
That's probably why I can't approach you
You are
Too free
I just can't get close to you
That's probably why I watch you from afar
That's probably why I hide my feelings
Yu-jin.
Are you crying?
Are you?
Are you really crying?
Hey, come on.
Good job.
You listened to my advice.
Do you like me?
Did I do well?
See? Isn't it nice to listen
to your wiser friend
and reach out to your mom?
You're a good boy.
What a good boy.
Slow down. You'll choke on your food.
Here.
You should eat too.
Okay.
Eat with those.
Why? Do you not want to?
You can't eat with those?
You know,
-we're--
-We're still together.
You might have said that it's over
between us, but I don't agree.
You promised to treat me
to good food and send me apples.
You said you would do whatever I asked.
I've treated you to lunch,
and I'll send you apples.
Promise.
My injury is serious.
Please stay with me
until my leg gets better.
You promised, okay?
The person whose name
I'm about to announce
will be the final member
of the Super Idol group.
This person also received
the most votes in this round.
The last super idol is...
Rian.
JB, who performed with Rian,
also took first place in this round.
But since JB and Na-na
are not well enough to perform just yet,
we will give them another chance later on.
One month from now,
there will be an audition
to pick one super idol
to perform the opening act
at the EMG World Tour.
The six selected super idols,
plus Na-na and JB can try out.
Don't be satisfied
with your performances today.
I look forward to
even better performances next month.
EMG?
Oh, that!
Song Sam-dong took first place last year.
Oh, right.
He took the stage name K
and released an album through EMG.
And then he won a Grammy.
Be careful.
This is great.
Here.
So, now that I got an apple,
my leg just has to heal.
Right?
Yes.
Shin Hae-seong,
I'd like to have a word with you.
Your first song "Hello to Myself"
was included in Yenny's album,
and your second song "Together"
came in first place
at the Super Idol Audition.
As a novice songwriter,
you've scored a major success.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Your songs have great popular appeal.
While technical improvements can be made,
your songs have the power to move people.
And so, I was thinking...
Do you have any intention
of studying songwriting?
I still have a long way to go,
but I would love to try it out
if given the chance.
This is the application form
for a prep program at Berklee.
I also got a six-month internship position
for you at EMG America.
When does the internship start?
The sooner the better.
It has to be filled before long,
otherwise, the position will be taken.
The new school semester begins next month,
so you should decide by this month.
Well...
I'm grateful
for the great opportunity, but...
I heard your dream
was to become a singer...
when you can't even sing.
You finally found your talent.
Are you going to miss out
on this amazing opportunity?
A chance like this doesn't come often.
I can't believe
the audition is already over.
Everyone worked so hard.
You're amazing, Ms. Ahn.
You managed to whip
your clowns into shape.
You didn't have it easy, either.
Right?
What's that?
-What?
-What is it?
Really? You're going to
try out for KBC Star?
No.
I was going to just recommend some kids.
Come on.
What's the problem? You should go for it.
You shouldn't waste
your exceptional talent on karaoke.
-Really?
-Yes.
Watching the kids audition
lit up the fire inside me.
I think I'll regret it
if I don't give it a go.
Who cares about age?
Go for it.
Yes, you should. It will be a lot of fun.
We'll help you.
-Really?
-Of course.
None of those colleges are to your liking?
I won't go to college.
Then what will you do?
I'll be a celebrity manager.
Good grief.
It's not for anyone. It's a lot of work.
You have to attend all your singers' gigs,
clean up after them
if they get into trouble,
and handle temper tantrums.
It's physically and mentally tough.
But you did it.
I'll work for you and learn the ropes.
That's why you need to get
a management degree at college.
Even if I graduate from college,
I'll end up working for you anyway.
I'll do the same thing
one way or the other.
So, what's the point of going to college?
For the diploma?
All right.
Let's do this.
You can follow the super idols
to learn the ropes.
If you manage to get even one gig
for them on your own,
I'll let you decide about college.
Really? You mean it, right?
WEAKNESS = STRENGTH
You're now going to be
performing as a group.
What's the most important thing
when it comes working as a team?
Trust?
Hope? Love?
It's teamwork.
What I'm saying is, you need to trust
and care about one another.
And how can you do that?
Over time, you may find something
you dislike about your group members.
But when that happens,
you need to find the positive
in what you perceived as negative.
Let's take Ui-bong.
What do you most dislike about him?
What's there to dislike?
He's so cute when he's quiet,
but when he opens his mouth,
his dialect makes him
sound like a bumpkin.
Right? His dialect is very strong.
But is there anything
positive about his dialect?
It makes him approachable.
-Absolutely.
-That's right.
And the fans would like that about him.
Ui-bong could help the group
get fans in Gyeongsang Province.
You're right.
See?
Next. What about Hong-ju?
What do you most dislike about him?
He's not like a teen idol.
He looks way too old.
A mature-looking teen idol.
Is there anything positive
about his appearance?
That's what got him to make
great music like "B-Grade Life."
That's right.
Is there anything
that you dislike about Yu-jin?
-Me.
Okay.
He's stubborn as a mule.
Right.
And there's his dark past
as New Clear Man.
Why did you mention that?
Is there anything positive
about his stubbornness?
None.
Geniuses tend to be stubborn.
It's better than being modest,
but unable to write good songs.
I suppose.
Lastly, is there anything
you don't like about Rian?
Absolutely nothing.
She thinks her face is a canvas.
She wears crap on her eyes.
She's rude.
And is there anything positive
about her rudeness?
Is rudeness ever positive?
No.
Right. I doubt we'll find anything
redeeming about rudeness.
Hey, guys.
I'm your manager as of today.
What?
You are 186cm tall
and your weight is 72kg.
You have mannequin proportions.
I'm just setting the standard.
You must work out a lot.
Manager Lee,
I was actually born with six-pack abs.
I should measure your belly.
Your weight is 75.1kg.
You need to go on a diet.
I had a big lunch.
You must have eaten a whole cow.
There's a cow in you.
Hang on.
You're not a stylist.
Why are you doing this?
It's only a waste to hire someone new.
You have to be frugal.
You're worse than your dad.
Hey.
How can a girl touch a man just like that?
Watch it.
-Good grief.
-Hold up.
What the...
-Hello.
Hi, kids. Have you been doing well?
One, two, three.
Nice to meet you. We're Super Idol.
We'll cause a K-pop storm.
It's a welcome storm here,
but I see catastrophe here.
Are you guys really one group?
Yes. I'm their manager.
Why did you put together
a group like this?
You guys look very different on screen.
You have a very long way to go
to make yourselves TV-ready.
You're back again.
You're so devoted.
-How are you?
-Good.
The rotator was in bad shape
even before the accident.
There's no telling what may happen
if you take up strenuous dancing
or sports again.
In the worst-case scenario,
you may become mobility-impaired.
You should strengthen your muscles
through physical therapy
to compensate for the damage.
You finally found your talent.
Are you going to miss out
on this amazing opportunity?
A chance like this doesn't come often.
Congratulations!
Your cast is finally off.
Are you okay?
And if I am, are you going
to run away from me again?
The doctor said I wasn't okay.
I need more treatment.
You are okay, right?
I'm not.
I might die.
They seem very nervous.
I'm reminded of my trainee days.
They have a long way to go
to catch up to us.
As a superior, it's your chance
to tell them what they need to do.
This will be fun.
You have to mind
your facial expression all the time.
You can't let your guard down
even for a moment
just in case someone recognizes you.
There will be cameras flashing
all around you without stopping.
You can't let your guard down
even when you breathe in and out.
When you do...
An awful photo of you
will circulate online.
This is awesome. Can I have it?
Hey!
You need to maintain composure
at all times.
What's with your posture?
Back straight, chin in.
Good.
-Good?
-Yes.
-It's good?
I:dn's comeback single
is said to be plagiarized.
Is it true that Jeong Ui-bong,
a former backup dancer,
is better than you?
Better than me?
Rumor has it that it was you
who got dumped by Rian.
Me?
People say that Jin Yu-jin
and Shin Hae-seong are dating.
Wait a minute. Is that a good example?
That's a terrible example.
He wasn't like that when he started.
He has to get his act together.
People say that you don't like teen idols
when you're an idol yourself.
Is it true?
Me?
Didn't you say it's awful to do
what you're told
without any passion for music,
just to become famous?
Did I?
People say you told Shin Hae-seong
you liked her, but got rejected.
Hey!
Did you have to tell him that?
I didn't.
What?
You really said that you liked her?
I don't know.
"Shin Hae-seong.
Certificate of admission."
What's this?
"Berklee"?
You've really come a long way.
I didn't think any school
would accept you,
but you got into
this prestigious American school.
Good job.
Looking out for you sure was worth it.
Give it back.
Well...
I'm not going to go to that school.
You're not?
No.
I don't have to study in the States.
I can make good music in Korea,
and people can come from abroad
if they want my songs.
Do you know you're making no sense?
Well, then. I'll just rip this up.
Fine.
See? You were lying.
What if I really ripped it up?
You startled me.
Give it back.
Come on.
Just go.
I want to brag to everyone
that my friend is a famous songwriter.
I can't do this.
No. Don't lose focus.
What am I going to do?
I'm really scared.
I can't do this.
Hey.
Follow my lead.
Just trust me.
Imagine I'm the only one in the audience.
Look at no one but me.
-Break a leg!
-You too
-That hurts.
Make sure the in-ear monitor
is in place and check the mic.
That's right. And don't get distracted
by the screaming girls.
I won't.
I'm quite experienced too,
so leave me alone.
-Are you? Good boy.
-Hey!
Good boy.
Congratulations on your debut.
What is this?
Are you two dating?
-What?
He's just a good friend.
Maybe more than...
just friends.
Why do you ask?
-Are you jealous?
-Why would I be jealous?
Take good care of Rian.
She's a lot more fragile than she looks.
This is perfect timing.
For what?
I beat you.
It's perfect timing for you to kneel.
You're so pathetic.
Who would break their leg
so that they won't have to kneel?
How sick can one be?
Do you have anything to say for yourself?
Stop.
No?
Super Idol, you're on standby.
Just be yourself. Don't get nervous.
You don't have to act
like you're my mentor.
Is your leg okay?
Of course.
The doctor said
I would make a quick recovery.
Good luck.
-Thanks.
-Good luck!
-You, too.
-Let's do this.
Good luck!
Hello. We're Super Idol. Nice to meet you.
-Good job.
Rian.
You're with them?
Great performance.
My gosh.
Oh, my.
They're really good.
It's incredible how--
Super Idol, you're up next.
Okay.
Here are your rolls.
You always eat so fast,
like someone's chasing you.
It must be a habit.
When I was a trainee,
I didn't want to waste my time eating.
Hold up. Slow down.
Eating too fast is bad for your health.
I'll take your spoon
if you don't slow down.
Feed me.
What?
I can't help but eat fast.
It's bad for my health,
so why don't you feed me?
That way I can eat slowly.
Oh, gosh.
My shoulder hurts so bad
that I can't even lift a spoon.
Hurry up.
I'll end up failing the audition
because of you.
You feed me so well every day.
I'll be out of shape in no time.
Are you really going to
participate in the audition?
You have no time to prepare for it.
I want to get back on stage
as soon as possible,
so that I can let you go.
Isn't that what you want?
But couldn't we
still just eat together
even after my leg is better?
-Well--
-All right. Fine.
I won't talk about it.
I won't say more. Just feed me.
I have to eat a whole lot
to get ready for the audition.
Come on.
Here you go.
PRODUCER SHIN JAE-IN
Hae-seong?
She's a talented songwriter,
so I wrote her a recommendation
to Berklee,
but she says she won't go.
I was wondering
if that had something to do with you.
Just like how you are going to rebuild
your career through the audition,
shouldn't Hae-seong pursue her dream, too?
She gave up her spot
in the audition for you.
Berklee is an amazing opportunity for her.
I'll try to persuade her.
What's the matter?
You look like someone
who's given up on life.
I don't know what to do.
Ui-bong, Hong-ju...
Everyone has become a super idol.
But what have I achieved?
Ui-bong's a good dancer,
and Hong-ju's a good singer.
But you can't sing or dance.
You deserve a good beating.
See? You're full of life,
now that you're mad.
You're right.
I need to lift my spirits.
They say a heartbroken woman
is capable of anything, right?
Is that true?
Of course.
There are many women who have channeled
their anger toward men into power
and become successful.
Do you think...
Hae-seong would be able to do the same?
Are you going to dump her?
"I'm leaving you for your own good."
Don't even think about saying that to her.
You're a jerk.
-I thought you were better than this.
-Hey.
Who said I would dump her?
Why would I do that?
It's more like the other way around.
I'm good, right?
Yes.
My leg's all better now.
Aren't you sad?
Sorry?
We agreed to go our separate ways
once I am recovered.
Right.
If I win this round,
I'll be going on a world tour.
I'll probably be away
until our graduation ceremony.
Right.
I'm sure you'll do great.
You said you wanted to see me
sing and dance on stage, right?
I'll make sure that happens.
This time around,
let's not say that we'll be in touch
or wait for each other.
It would be better for both of us
to let each other go.
Why are you saying this?
If a great chance came your way,
I would gladly send you off.
When I was little, I used to go
and fly a kite with my dad.
We would carefully reel the string
in and out
until the kite got to a certain height.
But when it did,
my dad would cut the string
so that the kite
could fly higher and more freely.
You can do that, too, right?
You can let me go, right?
Here.
This is my last present for you.
You solved it.
Yes.
I played around with it
whenever things got tough
and happened to solve it.
You were right.
She's totally changed.
Right?
Shouldn't you be on a diet
and visiting the spa right about now?
Aren't you supposed to be getting
skin treatment now?
You used to take it easy
for about a month before a TV appearance,
so as not to ruin your figure.
That was when I was the pretty face
of HershE.
So, what are you now?
Call me Riancé. Riancé, got it?
I'll redeem myself so I'll be known
as a teen idol of true talent.
You might come in first place.
I will come in first place.
Okay.
SHIN HAE-SEONG
I want to give you back
your most prized possession.
I told you I didn't need it.
We're friends, right?
Shin Hae-seong.
A star...
is just a star when it's alone,
but when stars come together,
a story comes into being,
and they get a new name.
Like a constellation?
Yes.
You're a big, bright star,
while I'm a tiny, dim speck in the sky.
But wouldn't a great new story develop
if we became friends?
Hae-seong.
You are my friend.
You have to tell me
that new story later, okay?
There's something I wanted to ask you.
Something to ask me?
You seem so plain.
You're not that pretty.
What did JB
see in you?
What did he see in you that I don't have?
I don't know.
There must be something.
Can't you tell me?
Solve this puzzle first,
and then I'll tell you.
What?
It's already put together.
This is what you look like.
You're so perfect and put together
that all people can do
is admire you from afar.
There's nothing
that anyone can do for you.
You don't have to be perfect.
Let others come to you to help you.
When you hit some bumps in the road,
give them a chance to help you.
This is a huge concert hall.
Our kids must have
really hit the big time.
Right.
Why don't you mingle
with those foreigners?
You're an English teacher.
I only know African-American vernacular.
Is that an issue?
Here's the stage.
It's quite fancy.
I don't know why my dad
insists on fancy venues.
Just look at this place.
This is all money.
You're already being mindful
of our finances?
You're so thrifty.
You guys don't earn anything.
I'm worried we'll go into debt.
Don't you trust me?
How can I trust you?
Let's go.
What's wrong?
-You like this, right? Here.
-Right.
Why didn't you invite JB? He loves to eat.
He has to perform today.
He has to get ready for it.
I see.
Is he better now?
Yes. I think so.
-Eat up.
-Hae-seong, just because
you're going abroad doesn't mean
that you can cheat on JB, okay?
The things you say.
Can't I even talk?
-Here.
-Thank you.
TO JB
Let's play.
What about the audition?
What are you doing here?
And what about you?
Mind your own business.
Let's bet.
A free throw bet.
What should we bet this time?
Let Hae-seong go
so that there are no lingering feelings.
She's on her way to the airport.
I know.
If you know that, why are you here?
Being a coward and hiding
isn't a good way to let someone go.
Go to the airport and send her off.
Send her off in style.
What about you?
Why didn't you go to the airport?
A friend isn't the same as a boyfriend.
Why would I go?
Go.
Don't regret this later.
I missed again.
I always miss at the crucial moment.
What are you mumbling?
Yu-jin, you look quite nice.
Does it make you feel better
to pretend to be so cool?
I feel great.
Do you?
I'm in tip-top form.
Do you want to play?
Get out of here.
You're just about to break down and cry.
Who? Me?
When will you start running your own race?
Come on.
Are you going to be a pacemaker
all your life?
If you stay where you are,
you'll never be able to see what's beyond.
We're here today
to pick the single winner
of the Super Idol Audition.
The winner will be able
to release a single
and take part in the EMG World Tour.
As I said earlier,
each contestant will deliver
two performances,
one dance and one singing.
Is everyone ready?
-Yes.
Where's JB?
Yu-jin's not here, either.
Has anyone seen JB or Yu-jin?
If it gets too tough,
don't hesitate to call home.
Thank you, Dad.
I'll become a great songwriter.
This is something I heard on TV.
They say the Inuit
don't have a word for "great."
Whether humans or whales,
they are just what they are.
There are no great Inuit or great whales.
So, you don't have to try hard
to become great.
I'm happy with you just the way you are,
and I'll always support and root for you
no matter what you do.
Dad.
-Good luck, Hae-seong.
-Thanks.
Hey.
We were scared you wouldn't show up.
You're the front-runner.
What are you talking about?
We're all front-runners.
That's right. We won't know
who will win until this is over.
Where's JB?
Wasn't he with you?
When you first said you liked me,
I asked you why, right?
I think that's just how I am.
I get nervous
when there isn't a set answer.
That's why...
Here.
This is my last present for you.
I was so happy when you gave me
the completed puzzle.
But then it hit me.
While you were so busy
looking for the answer,
I had never even asked myself
any questions.
So, I plan to ask myself
many questions and find the answers.
I read this in a book.
God gives each of us
a puzzle that has one missing piece
which can never be found.
But what if that missing piece
for my puzzle...
is you?
Shin Hae-seong!
Why are you here?
It's time for the audition.
Don't worry.
I'm not here to keep you from leaving.
I just wanted to tell you
that my leg is okay now.
You saw me running, right?
So, you shouldn't worry about me anymore.
Don't worry about me,
and just focus on yourself.
I haven't been worrying about you.
That's hurtful.
I thought you would worry
at least a little about me.
If you're not worried, why are you crying?
I got something in my eye.
I told you that you don't look pretty
when you cry.
Don't cry. Stop.
I'll leave if you keep crying.
It's not like that.
I'm not crying.